Take a look at this sequential model.
Here, you have an input
vector x in magenta,
multiple hidden units in blue,
and three output units in green.
Suppose that this model
outputs the probability
of whether an observation belongs
to each of three different classes.
Looking at a single x, y pair,
you can get the loss using the cross
entropy function,
where K is the number of categories or
classes and every label y subscript
j is equal to either 1 or 0.
So to get the loss for a single
observation, you have to look at every
output probability in y-hat and compare
them with the true y values, 0 or 1.
Vanilla RNNs have an architecture
similar to this one, where for
every time step t,
the network outputs a vector y-hat.
By computing these two
formulas at every step,
the cross entropy loss in this
case is shown in this equation.
Where the only difference from
the equation that I showed earlier is
the summation over time t and the division
by the total number of steps, capital T.
This is just the average of the cross
entropy loss function over time.
To get the cost of your whole model,
as always, you would have to sum over
every example in the training,
development, or test sets.
Now you know that to capture
an individual loss in your model, you
only have to take the average with respect
to time for your recurrent neural network.
Next, I'll share with you
some implementation notes and
the more complex RNN architectures.